Title: What's new on Memopol ? #2
Date: 2012-06-01 09:08
Author: bram
Category: News
Slug: whats-new-on-memopol-2

We did pretty nice thing the last weeks!

### Memopol, prettier for the summer

First of all, let us introduce you to our brand new logo! \\o/

![logo](https://memopol.lqdn.fr/static/img/logo.png)

It is on prod, and as we warned you last time, it has been modified a
bit to be more parliament-like. Now it won't change and we're quite
proud of it!

Let's all thank Alban for this great work!

Another great news with pictures : please check the new very nice map on
[the homepage!](https://memopol.lqdn.fr/)

[![map](http://www.memopol.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/memopol-map-300x282.png "memopol-map")](http://www.memopol.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/memopol-map.png)

Nice, isn't it ?

### Documentation, moar documentation

Also, we have published documentation that explains how to read the
graphs that we use in Memopol to allow you to have a better vision of
what has happened.

You can see it here â†’
[https://memopol.lqdn.fr/trends/documentation/](https://memopol.lqdn.fr/trends/documentation/).

### Rest API

Good news everyone! Memopol now offers most of its data via a Rest API
so you can build applications related to it! You can find all the
informations in the [related documentation
page](https://memopol.lqdn.fr/api/).

Don't hesitate in giving us feedback and to build awesome things with
it!

### Feeding Memopol with data

On the data side, we retrieved opinions from memopol1, this allows us to
distinguish between French deputies' opinions and eurodeputies'
opinions, this informations was lost in the previous data importation.
For French deputies' opinions, correct interfaces to display data are
still needed.

The next step now is to make a better interface to display them. We want
you to get the most of it, opinions beeing a very important part of
Memopol!

### Memopol now speak French!

We have just finished the translation of the interface! Thanks to our
[awesome french
team](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/fr/)!

You still might see text in english there and there, this is because
it's dynamic data either coming from parltrack or from our project, this
will need further work to tacle it but we'll sure handle it one day.

Also, we have just created teams on transifex to translate Memopol in
[Dutch](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/nl/),
[German](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/de/),
[Hungarian](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/hu/),
[Italian](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/it/),
[Polish](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/pl/),
[Spanish](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/es/)
and
[Swedish](https://www.transifex.net/projects/p/memopol2/language/sv/).

I you feel confident in any of those languages don't hesitate to ask to
join a team on transifex and if you want to see Memopol translated in
another language don't hesitate to [contact
us](https://memopol.lqdn.fr/contact/) about that!

### As we love Memopol, we chase bugs

To insure that we can fix bugs as soon as they appear, we have deployed
a [sentry](https://github.com/dcramer/sentry) to get a detailed repport
each time a new bug shows up! It has already been useful, as we have
already found and fixed bugs thanks to this!

We also fixed the csv link that was'nt working.

We fixed other minor bugs -we won't bother you with the list, but be
sure that we take care of Memopol!

That's it for this post \\o/
